Create rule S7409 (#4721)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7409/kotlin/rule.adoc

Using Javascript interfaces in WebViews is unsafe as it allows JavaScript to invoke Java methods,
potentially giving attackers access to data or sensitive app functionality. WebViews might include
untrusted sources such as third-party iframes, making this functionality particularly risky. As
Javascript interfaces are passed to every frame in the WebView, those iframes are also able to
access the exposed Java methods.

== Ask Yourself Whether

> * Javascript needs to be enabled for this WebView.
> * The content in the WebView is fully trusted and secure. Additionally, if any iframes will be loaded
> in the WebView and if they are considered trusted.
> * It is possible to implement the same functionality using safer alternatives.
> * If the Javascript interface can be removed after it is no longer needed.
> * If the exposed Java methods validate input from potentially untrusted sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Javascript needs to be enabled for this WebView.
* The content in the WebView is fully trusted and secure. Additionally, if any iframes will be loaded
in the WebView and if they are considered trusted.
* It is possible to implement the same functionality using safer alternatives.
* If the Javascript interface can be removed after it is no longer needed.
* If Java methods lack validation of input from untrusted sources.

There is a risk if you answered yes to any of these questions.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think the points make sense if the section ends with "There is a risk if you answered yes to any of these questions." but this is what we always do (I forgot), so I'll rephrase the points.

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

=== Disable JavaScript

If it is possible to disable JavaScript in the WebView, this is the most secure option. By default,
JavaScript is disabled in a WebView, so you do not need to explicitly call
`webSettings.setJavaScriptEnabled(true)` in your `WebSettings`` configuration. Of course, sometimes
it is necessary to enable JavaScript, in which case the following recommendations should be considered.

=== Remove JavaScript interface when loading untrusted content

JavaScript interfaces can be removed at a later point. It is recommended to remove the JavaScript
interface when it is no longer needed. If it is needed for a longer time, consider removing it before
loading untrusted content. This can be done by calling `webView.removeJavascriptInterface("interfaceName")`.

> A good place to do this is inside the `shouldInterceptRequest`` method of a WebViewClient, where you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A good place to do this is inside the `shouldInterceptRequest` method of a `WebViewClient`, where you can
```
